Module 1: What is code? Reading and reflection.Read Article:https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-paul-ford-what-is-code/Answer the following questions in a .txt file saved as: What_is_code_reflectionIn your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard? (150 words max)-A computer is waiting for a signal from the keyboard to be initiated by the user. Once the key has been pressed or hold, the signal (which is a code specific to the pressed key) goes to the computer where it is read and interpreted. Somewhere in the computer the key code is being compare to other key letter codes in the library where a match is found and is sent to the memory. The computer now uses the memory component to search for an image of the key letter that was pressed down and draw out the letter in pixels on the computer screen. In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences? (250 words max)-When user press a button from a game controller or a letter key on a keyboard or move the mouse, computers listen to any input signals (events) coming from mouse, keyboard, game controller, etc. and interpret these signals using its memory. The computer’s memory grabs these signals and provides information such as the x and y coordinates of where the mouse move in the screen, or the letters that was pressed on the keyboard/ controller. The software with its properties and functions will use this information as parameters (ex- x and y coordinate of a moving mouse) to execute a specific task. The task can be anything like when a user moves the mouse a drawing of a cat pops up on the screen. The execution of a specific task will then be sent back to the memory of the computer where the memory will then relay the executed task to the computer’s monitor or audio (output). Any device with software encoded in it will use input signals triggered by the user so the device itself can produce an output. For example, user experience in game entertainment come from using a game controller to send input signals to the computer (game console) so that these signals can control the actions of a character in the game software and be projected on a monitor. Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” (150 words max)- Software products are infinitely reproducible because programmers have repeatedly created programs to solve particular problems like managing data. However, program never solves the problems (nothing) because new problems keeps appearing- like creating more programs to manage new incoming data. Explain in your own words how code becomes software. (150 words max)-A code is a line of symbols or keyboard characters written on a file. In a computer, software is made up of lines of binary code (machine language) in a file which serve as a list of instructions for the computer to carry out. This list of instructions is called program. Programming languages (ex-JavaScript, Pythons, C, C++) was created to speed up the writing of programs by avoiding the usage of binary code. Instead of using 0’s and 1’s, software developers could use letter or codes similar to the human language to make the computer programmable. Still, any programming language used by developers need to be translated into the binary code so that the computer can understand the task it has to execute. The computer uses a software built into its own system called a compiler in order to translate the programming language into binary code. Explain “algorithms” in your own words. (150 words max)-When developing a program for the computer to execute, algorithms are use in order to tell the computer step by step how to accomplish the task at hand. For example, in web development using JavaScript programming language we can create a function (algorithm) that can make the navigation bar to pop up when the user scrolls down or hide when the user scroll the web page all the way up. To create this algorithm, we have to code step by step what one wants the computer to do when the page is scrolling up or down. The scrolling event will be attached to the function, and the function will use information from this event (x and y coordinates) to initiate the pop up and position the nav bar.Explain the DRY principle. (100 words max)-One creates and names a function (algorithm) once so programmers can organize these unique functions in a library and use it repeatedly whenever they are programming. This principle will assist programmers to avoid spending time writing different functions that will accomplish the same goals or tasks. The purpose of DRY principle is to avoid programmers from repeating when they are coding.In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? (100 words max)-An object-oriented programming is a block ({}) that contains codes like properties and methods (functions) inside of the block. These blocks are usually labeled with a class and a name assigned to it. Object-oriented programming serves as a library of properties and methods inside a named object where it makes easier for programmers to extract them. I like to think of an object as a car that has properties like color, size, number of wheels and doors. With methods of turning the car on/off and accelerate/decelerate. In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. (100 Words max)-Data are any type of character like numbers, Boolean, string, symbols etc. that exist in computers memory. It can be made by computers, or by users via software like MS Word, Facebook etc. when they are posting messages or writing an essay on a document. These data can be collected and placed in a database for future use when user request them via the software they are using- for example, opening a saved document on MS Word. Code uses data to either compute them (1 + 1) or displaying data on the computer screen like console.log(‘Hello World’). What is a framework? (150 words max)Framework is a support structure where programmers write codes to improve the functions of a software system like web application. When creating applications (website, software or etc) via framework, programmers have to follow these set of rules that the framework enforces. This includes having programmers use framework’s specific functions instead of using freely methods from a library (ex: jQuery). Also, framework will avoid developers from starting up any files from scratch. For example, web developers don’t have to create an HTML file from scratch because framework already provide these web development files. Framework provides a model of data flow, and all the programmer have to do is add functionalities on how they would like the data to be handle. What is debugging? (150 words max)-Debugging is when a programmer is looking for mistakes or bugs on their code. When there is a bug in the code source, computers won’t be able to execute a functions or statements because the code that it is reading can not be interpret. Therefore, the computer will send an error message to programmers. In web development, using the browser’s dev tool will help programmers detect the line where an error in the code was made. This will then allow programmer to debug or fix the mistake on the code file. Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to code? (500 words max)-I want to learn how to code because I enjoy coding and developing interactive webpage. In addition, having knowledge in coding has improved my critical reasoning skills, ability to analyze results of projects and made me more self-sufficient. Coding has made it easy for me to communicate with engineers and designers. In the near future, I want to be able to develop applications that will bring a positive change in my community.